hi Pam dinner here many people ask me
why I decided to write sales and a woman
bug instead of a content marketing book
well there are two reasons professional
and a personal and the professional
front sales and marketing tend to be
treated as two separate functions if
they do work together it tend to be
one-way communication that marketing
passing leads to the sales with the rise
of digital many marketing elements can
be leveraged and used to a celery sales
conversions or part of sales negotiation
so here is a great examples that I use
in my book a whiskey company was looking
to increase shelf space in liquor stores
and the supermarkets so to close the
deals the sales team proposed to store
manager that they would host free
tasting events and then rang
geo-targeted social media chaos to drive
the foot traffic to the stores store
manager loved that who doesn't love that
ideas it's actually a free advertising
and a free marketing the store manager
doesn't even the store managers don't
have to pay out of their own pockets to
do that I share many examples like that
in my book using marketing elements to a
seller a sales conversions and
engagements I'm a personal friend I
simply wanted to challenge myself to
write another marketing related topic
okay and so it's not about my ideas it's
also about the wisdom of the many sales
a marketing manager from Google Cisco
Intel as a p.m. more so I talk about
each chapter with a specific theme or a
topic in depth to share with you in
terms of what other people are doing the
reason I didn't create framework is I
want to talk about each chapter so you
can read it and think about it in terms
of how to connect different marketing
dots these angle grows and each
possibility so check out the box if you
are interested
you can also download a free chapter or
chapter outlined on p.m. dinner calm the
books page if you read a book and you
cannot find anything that was relevant
to your job please schedule call with me
I'm Pam dinner calm I would love to hear
your challenges and a fine actionable
solution for you okay keep hustling my
friends I know all of you are working
very very hard hashtag you rock